
Section A

Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the
words in the bank more than once.
Whether you're just having a down day or a down period, taking a walk can instantly lift your
mood, especially when you go outdoors. Not only can walking make you less depressed, but according
to a new study, depression sufferers who took a ___26___ walk showed just as much improvement in
their ___27___ as people taking medicine. In fact, 60-70 percent of the participants in the study could
no longer even be ___28___ as depressed.
Bone density may not be one of the most exciting health benefits of walking, but it's an important
one. People with stronger bones avoid osteoporosis (骨质疏松症) and all the problems that ___29___
with it, like breaks and other disabilities. And the best way to get strong, healthy bones is by doing
weight-bearing exercises like running, dancing and walking, according to a large study. But as regards
bones, it's ___30___ use it or lose it: To keep your bones strong you have to keep exercising. The
researchers found that adults who walked regularly had better bone density throughout their lives than
their ___31___ friends.
Taking a walk can be great for ___32___ your head or blowing off some steam. It also provides a
great opportunity to ___33___ with friends and family, far away from electronics and other ___34___ at
home. Even better, you set a powerful example because when they see you ___35___ the benefits of
walking, they'll be encouraged to walk more, too.

A) accompany I) distractions
B) approved J) exclusively
C) bond K) inactive
D) classified L) occurrences
E) clearing M) reaping
F) come N) symptoms
G) daily O) typical
H) definitely





Section B

Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a
letter. Answer the questions by making the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
A Club Where Lions Dance and Traditions Take Root
A) The first thing you notice in the staircase to the fourth-floor studio on Canal Street in Manhattan, New
York, is the measured thumping (嘭嘭声) coming from behind a metal door. Just beyond the entrance,
large lion masks were twisting and turning to the drum-beat. On a recent Friday evening, the teenagers
made their way across the studio floor as they practiced Chinese lion dancing.
B) "You want to play in a circle," Victor Fong, aged 24, told his students at the New York Chinese
Freemasons Athletic Club. "Take it slow and do it again." The dance group, made up of 60 members,
performs throughout the year but was now preparing for its biggest events, Chinese Lunar New Year
celebrations, which will begin on Saturday and conclude on February 15. Teenagers comprise about half
of the group, many of whom began lion dancing at the age of 14. About 100 current and past members of
the dance group—which has been performing since 1956—will be among the 220 groups marching
through Chinatown in Manhattan for the 18th Lunar New Year Parade on February 5.
C) Mr. Fong has been involved in the organization since he was 15 and began teaching lion dancing three
years ago. But the club also acts as a recreation center and safe haven (庇护所) for teenagers, with video
games readily available. As many as 20 students show up after school. "The basic requirement for
hanging out here is you have to learn how to lion dance," Mr. Fong said. While that is not a formal
requirement for being a member, everyone finds a way to participate in the Lunar New Year Parade,
whether it's by dancing, carrying a flag or beating a drum.
D) Alvin Chau, aged 26, is an environmental consultant by day and a lion dancer on weekends. He has been
a club member for 10 years and joined because of an interest in lion dance. "We're a big family," he said,
shaking hands with other members as they walked through the door. "You know everyone."
E) It is believed that the lion dance began in the third century. Stories vary about how lion dancing came to
be, but most of them include a monster named Nian who would terrorize a village. The villagers finally
banded together and scared the beast away with firecrackers (爆竹) and drums. While lions are not native
to China, some versions of the story include the villagers creating a monster of their own in the shape of
a lion to fight off the beast.
F) Today, the dancers travel across Chinatown going from business to business to bring good luck for the
coming year. The new year-according to the Chinese lunar calendar-will begin on Saturday and marks
the Year of the Rooster (鸡年), which is thought to be a symbol of positivity. "It's almost like the dark
night is ending and the sun is coming up," said Ya Yung Teng, the digital collections coordinator for the
Museum of Chinese in America. "It's hopeful that we're going to have a new day." Roosters and chickens
are not particularly strong creatures, Ms. Teng said, but they are numerous. "In a way,” she said, the
rooster "stands for "We the People.””
G) The lion head and tail are operated by two people. As one person controls the head, a second follows
under a train of fabric representing the body. The dancers move in harmony as they imitate the animal's
natural movements in the wild, including the aggressiveness of an attack. A lion head figure weighs
under 10 pounds and sits squarely on the dancer's shoulders. Inside, the dancer manipulates strings that
open and close the lion's eyes, shake its ears and open its mouth to reveal a fire-orange tongue.
H) "A good lion dancer will imitate a living creature," said Karlin Chan, aged 59, who heads the athletic
club's community public relations. "I started lion dancing when I was a kid," he said. "Chinatown was
much smaller then and it was a celebration with fireworks and firecrackers, which added a lot of flavor
and meaning to it."
I) Mr. Chan buys a new lion head each year when he travels to China. A head costs about $ 1,500. "If you
want the good stuff, the quality, you have to see it for yourself," he said. "I'll inspect the product before
we put it in the container and ship it over." Mr. Chan, who has been involved with the club for nearly 50
years, said that passing the dance from one generation to the next was vital. "You need to pass on the
traditions and the culture, and this is a part of our culture," he said. "It's a great way to promote cultural
understanding and exchange; we welcome that.”
J) For Sara Pore, aged 17, another club member, lion dance is more than just tradition, it provides a creative
outlet. "Lion dancing started 2,000 years ago—that's incredible," she said. "But what makes you a
competent lion dancer is that there's a sense of imagination involved. Lion dancing teaches competence
in leadership because of this. You're constantly forced to push yourself past your limit."
K) Back at rehearsal (排练), Justin Le, aged 18, tied a red ribbon around his waist to practice jumping. The
dancers use the ribbons to pull themselves up over their partners' heads. The room's ceilings are too low
to wear the lion heads for jumping practice, so once up on his partner's head, Mr. Le held out his arms as
if in offering.
L) Mr. Le comes by the dance as a legacy (传承). "I was born into it, " Mr. Le said, noting that his uncle and
father were club members. "Growing up, I would always watch my family and see the lion dance, and I
slowly grew interested in it." By the age of 14, he was fully enrolled in the athletic club's lion dance
group. "I value my culture and tradition, being Chinese or Asian-American. I have a lot of pride in that,"
he said. "I want to contribute and give back to the community."
36. The lion dancers perform from door to door to bring New Year wishes to business people.
37. The New York dance club also serves as a place for entertainment where youngsters can enjoy
themselves safely.
38. Lion dancers need to have a little imagination to perform well.
39. There are a number of different versions about the origin of the lion dance.
40. Some 50% of the members of a New York lion dance club are teenagers.
41. One club member says he feels proud of his cultural tradition.
42. Two dancers coordinate their movements, one manipulating the lion's head and the other its body.
43. One lion dancer compares their New York dance club to a family.
44. Lion dance should be handed down to future generations as part of Chinese culture.
45. One lion dancer learned how to perform from his elders.





Section C


Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D).You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.


Passage One


Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
Team-building exercises have become popular for managers trying to increase organisational and
team harmony and productivity. Unfortunately many employees resent compulsory bonding and often
regard these exercises as a nuisance.
A paper published this week by University of Sydney researchers in Social Networks has reported
participants' feelings about team-building interventions (干预), revealing ethical implications in forcing
employees to take part.
"Many people see team-building activities as a waste of time, so we decided to look in more depth
at what's behind this," said the paper's lead researcher, Dr Peter Matous.
"Teams are formed, combined and restructured. Staff are relocated and office spaces redesigned.
All this is done with the aim of improving workplace efficiency, collaboration and cohesion. But does
any of this work?" said Dr Matous.
The study found that team-building exercises which focused on the sharing of and intervening into
personal attitudes and relationships between team members were considered too heavy-handed and
intrusive, although the researchers say some degree of openness and vulnerability is often necessary to
make deep, effective connections with colleagues.
"Some participants were against team-building exercises because they were implicitly compulsory.
They didn't welcome management's interest in their lives beyond their direct work performance," said
Matous. "Many people don't want to be forced into having fun or making friends, especially not on top
of their busy jobs. They feel management is being too nosy or trying to control their lives too much. "
In this study the researchers recommended a self-disclosure （表露) approach where participants
were guided through a series of questions that allowed them to increasingly disclose personal
information and values. The method is well-tested and has been shown to increase interpersonal
closeness. However, to be successful it must be voluntary.
The researchers said there are numerous schools of thought that propose differing psychological
methods for strengthening relationships. "With caution, many relational methods to improve teams and
organisations can be borrowed from other fields. The question is how to apply them effectively to
strengthen an entire collective, which is more than just the sum of individual relationships," said Dr
Matous.
46. Why are many employees opposed to team-building exercises?
A) They consider such exercises annoying.
B) They deem these exercises counter-productive.
C) They see such exercises as harmful to harmony.
D) They find these exercises too demanding.
47. What did Dr Matous and his team do to find out whether team-building activities would improve
productivity?
A) They relocated team leaders and their offices.
B) They rearranged the staff and office spaces.
C) They redesigned the staff's work schedules.
D) They reintroduced some cohesive activities.
48. What did the study by Matous' team find about some team-building exercises?
A) They were intended to share personal attitudes and relationships.
B) They implicitly added to the vulnerability of team members.
C) They invariably strengthened connections among colleagues.
D) They were regarded as an intrusion into employees' private lives.
49. How can the self-disclosure approach succeed in increasing interpersonal closeness?
A) By allowing participants freedom to express themselves.
B) By applying it to employees who volunteer to participate.
C) By arranging in proper order the questions participants face.
D) By guiding employees through a series of steps in team building.
50. What does Matous think of the various psychological methods borrowed from other fields for
strengthening relationships?
A) They must be used in combination for an entire collective.
B) They prioritise some psychological aspects over others.
C) They place too much stress on individual relationships.
D) They have to be applied cautiously to be effective.



Passage Two

Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.

There are close to 58,000 homeless people in Los Angeles county. That's a shocking and tragic number
for a region that's home to some of the richest people in the world. At last, the problem became so acute-and
so visible-that Los Angeles took extraordinary action. The citizens of this county voted in November 2016
and again in March 2017 to raise their own taxes. The purpose of such action is to fund an enormous
multibillion-dollar, 10-year program of housing and social services for the homeless.
As a result, Los Angeles now has its best chance in decades to combat homelessness. This is an
opportunity that surely all can agree must not be wasted. It is neither desirable nor morally acceptable nor
practical for this county to tolerate the signs of deprivation more commonly associated with the slums (贫民
窟) of Rio de Janiero.
How did we get here? For as long as there are homeless people, there is a tendency to blame the victims
themselves for their condition—to see their failure to thrive as an issue of character, of moral weakness, of
laziness. But contrary to popular belief, the homeless in Los Angeles are not mostly mentally ill or drug
addicted or frightening, although a sizable minority meet some of those descriptions. Today, a greater and
greater proportion of people living on the streets are there because of bad luck or a series of mistakes, or
because the economy forgot them—they lost a job or were evicted (逐出) or fled an abusive marriage just as
the housing market was growing increasingly unforgiving.
The challenges are enormous, even if everyone is pulling in the same direction. That reality was driven
home this month by a new Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority report showing that the county's
homeless population is growing faster than the supply of new housing.
In the world's richest nation, homelessness on this scale should be shameful and shocking. But most Los
Angeles residents are no longer either shocked or shamed. Increasingly, we are uncomfortable, annoyed,
disgusted, scared or unaware. Compassion (同情心) is being replaced by resignation.
51. Why did the citizens of Los Angeles vote to raise their own taxes?
A) To combat the county's homelessness.
B) To reform the county's service system.
C) To fund the development of local infrastructure.
D) To narrow the gap between the rich and the poor.
52. What do people tend to believe about the homeless?
A) They seldom meet the descriptions of homelessness.
B) They are the victims of fast economic development.
C) They are responsible for their own condition.
D) They account for the majority of drug addicts.
53. What is one of the causes for more and more people in Los Angeles to become homeless?
A) They find it increasingly difficult to afford a place to live.
B) The divorce rate in the county has been on a steady rise.
C) They have been compelled to take low-paying jobs.
D) The society fails to forgive them for their mistakes.
54. What do we learn from the new Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority report?
A) Supplying enough job opportunities for the homeless remains a challenge.
B) Everyone is pulling in the same direction to solve the homelessness problem.
C) The increase in new housing falls short of the demand of the growing homeless population.
D) Los Angeles' homeless condition is deteriorating faster than many people predict.
55. How do most Los Angeles residents now feel about homelessness?
A) They are increasingly ashamed about its scale.
B) They find it no more scaring than it appears.
C) They are less and less indifferent to it.
D) They no longer find it shocking.